#1 Introduction
My name is stfn, I am a thirf year student at DMU, My degree is in AI Engineering and robotics. 
Throughout the years of studyin at DMU I came across lots of interesting projects and this year 
I was given an oportunity to research and develop something on my own. I have always been facinated
by prostcetics and human body augmentation with technology in general. 
#2 Motivation
When I was picking a theme for this dissertation I initially thought of an AI that would identify 
cancerous nevis based on its telesocpy, this problem is very related to me. At the time it just 
happened to be so that I was in Dr Khuman's Fuzzy Logic class, which concentrates on a field of
AI that allows for uncertainty and imprecision in decision-making. The aplications of this technology
is vast, since I was once again free to pick a fuzzy system to develop, I decided to get into 
fuzzy controllers and as a result discovered artificial pancreas systems to myself. I have 
quite a lot of diabetic friends, which is unfortunately more of statistical thing than a choice 
of mine. As I dug more into this topic, I realized that there was so little research available
on how to actually create an artificial pancreas, how to simulate blood glucose levels based 
on nutrition, etc. 
#3 Story
Diabetes is one of the most expensive chronic diseases in the world. In the US the diabetes has been
the most expensive chronical disease since 2017. This presentation is not about capitalism blame, so
moving on to -> I decided to further investigate into the world of diabetes and eventually picked it 
as the development project. The motivation for this research can be explained through two perspectives:
the first one is why even bother developing such system if doctors will eventually come up with a cure?
Why treat symptoms when you should treat the disease? The second perspective is a lot more brutal,
imagine a child born with T1D, apart from the struggles parents go through raising a child, there is
a chronical condition that is very expensive and has to be treated. When the kid grows up it is now 
up to them to control the T1D. This sounds like a huge effort.
#4 What is what?
To better understand the rest of the presentstion, let's get you familiar with the type 1 diabetes.
the full name diabetes mellitus originates from greek diabetes - to pass through and latin melitus -
sweet. It is an auotimmune disease that is what we think is caused by a virus. T-cells are like the 
soldiers of our immune system. They help identify and fight off harmful invaders like bacteria or viruses. 
In the case of type 1 diabetes, some T-cells get confused and start attacking the cells in the pancreas that 
produce insulin, the B-cells. This results in body's inability to adequately handle blood glucose.
Having blood glucose levels (BGL) too high for too long can result in blindness and sometimes can even lead
to body parts amputation if not treated. On the other hand hypoglycemia is a condition when the BGL drops too 
low. Patients may expirience similar symptoms like blurried vision, weakness, dizziness etc.
#5 Taking care of T1D
1. Take blood sample 2.Read BGl 3. Administer insulin
obviously, T1D patients don't constantly take insulin shots, They mainly do it before food and the process 
of insulin dose calculation basically consits of approximating the amount of carbs in their food and then 
multiplying it by their CCR, which stands for carbohydrates coverage raio. The amount of carbs one unit of 
insulin can cover. Sounds really tideous, this is why people have been trying to invent artificial pancreas.
#6 The inconvinience  